[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Mike Ricksecker with us,
an author, researcher,
and filmmaker.
Two of his books, "A
Walk in the Shadows"
and "Alaska's
Mysterious Triangle,"
are Amazon bestsellers.
And today, he is sharing the
research from his latest book,
the award-winning
"Travels Through Time."
Mike, welcome to the program.
>>MIKE RICKSECKER:
Thank you, George.
Always a pleasure coming back
here and speaking with you.
>>NOORY: You are one of
our favorites, my friend.
How have you been?
>>RICKSECKER: I've been pretty
well, keeping very busy.
But everything has
been wonderful.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about the new work.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, the new
work, "Travels Through Time,"
this was a passion
project of mine.
I had always been
very, very interested
in the idea of time
and time travel,
dating back to
when I was a child.
I don't know if you remember
the movie "Somewhere in Time"
with Christopher Reeve
and Jane Seymour.
Yeah.
Favorite of mine.
And just the idea
and concept that he
could will his consciousness
back in time from 1980
to 1912 just always
fascinated me.
And over the years,
throughout my research,
I started realizing that a
lot of the different phenomena
that I was researching
and writing about
could very well be a
time-related incident.
And so I dove back into
these concepts about time.
And that's where this
work came out of.
>>NOORY: And then he
looked at the dated coin,
and it brought him back.
>>RICKSECKER: And it brought
him back, unfortunately.
At its heart,
that's a love story.
But the time travel
aspect of it--
it was written by
Richard Matheson.
He had done a lot of research
into the nature of time
and how it works.
So his original novel
for that actually
has a character, Richard,
going to the library
and looking up some of these
real books that Matheson
had referenced for his research
into the novel and then
the screenplay.
>>NOORY: What does
time mean to you, Mike?
>>RICKSECKER:
Yeah, time really--
it doesn't exist.
It's a human
construct, something
that we have created to
help describe our reality.
It's a measuring stick, really.
We use it to help us
to plant the crops,
know when to show up at
work at the right moment
so our supervisors don't
get upset with us, when
to get on the bus at the right
moment, these sorts of things.
But that's a human idea.
Time is all concurrent.
It's all here right now--
past, present, and future--
inside what we call
the fourth dimension.
We call it time,
but it's really--
>>NOORY: How many
dimensions are there?
>>RICKSECKER: There are up to
11 hyperspatial dimensions,
according to our
theoretical physics.
>>NOORY: 11?
>>RICKSECKER: 11, yeah.
>>NOORY: Those are a lot.
>>RICKSECKER: It is.
And those that are beyond
ours, fifth, sixth, seventh,
and onward, they would be
able to access our dimension
as a whole, just the same
way that we from the fourth
are able to access a third,
second, first dimension.
>>NOORY: How do those
dimensions relate to time?
>>RICKSECKER: They are really
outside the scope of time
because time is our
fourth dimension.
So to them, it's all
an object that they
would be able to move
in and about at will.
>>NOORY: What is the
stacked time theory?
>>RICKSECKER: So
stacked time theory,
when we take this concept
that all time is concurrent,
so all ever present, take where
you're sitting right now, that
would mean that every moment
that has happened is happening
and will happen are all
happening right now.
It's all here.
And I relate each
of those moments
as a photograph in a
stack, a very large stack,
from the beginning of time
until the end of time.
And on occasion-- I
know we'll probably
get into it during the
conversation-- there
are two of those
moments that resonate
the same frequency
for just a moment
because everything is frequency,
resonance, energy, vibration.
And we'll get a glimpse
of a moment in time,
another moment in time.
And that's what we
would call a time slip.
>>NOORY: Are time
slips dangerous?
Can you get lost in them?
>>RICKSECKER: A time
slip is really--
it's almost like a
vision of another moment
in time or a short experience.
They don't last for very long.
Those, I would say, you
couldn't really get lost in.
I would say things where
you would get lost in
are portals and things like
this, which could take you
to another point in time.
>>NOORY: What would time
look like to someone who's
outside the dimension of time?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
This is where we're talking
about everything would
look like an entire object.
So one way to look at some
of these different types
of concepts is--
or take a town that you
might be driving through.
Maybe the speed limit
is 35 miles per hours.
It's maybe 5 miles
long down the road.
You've got a couple of
houses, a gas station, church,
these sorts of things.
And maybe it takes
you 5 or 10 minutes
to drive through that town.
So you have a relationship,
a time relationship,
with that town.
Now, let's say instead
you're flying over that town.
You look out the window.
Well, you see all
of it all at once--
the houses, the gas
station, the church.
It is all right
there as a whole.
So what once had a
relationship in time,
you now have a
relationship with in space.
And so that's what we're talking
about when you are looking
at the fourth dimension from
these others, all time is there.
>>NOORY: You made an amazing
trailer for your new book,
"Travels Through Time."
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- What is time?
How do we define this
elusive thing we call time?
We've generally been taught that
time is like a river, flowing
endlessly in one direction.
We are caught up in its current
and can only proceed downstream
within its rushing waters.
This river of time
that we're stuck in,
however, flows as a river
not because of the water
but because of the banks that
are holding the water in place.
If we were to
remove those banks,
time would spill out
in all directions,
flooding the plains until
it came to a standstill
and was simply
just ever present.
We would no longer be
rushing downstream with it,
but would be able to easily
wade through those waters
to any point we'd wish.
What those banks are
and what the mechanism
is that's holding them
in place, we don't know.
But they control the flow.
Although this is a nice
analogy, and perhaps it
gets the reader
thinking a little,
I don't generally regard
time as a river at all.
Time doesn't really
exist after all.
Time is merely a human construct
to describe our reality
and to bring some order to
this world in which we live.
What we describe
as time helps us
to differentiate the seasonal
changes of our planet,
to help us know when it's
appropriate to plant and harvest
crops, and to help us get to
the office at the right moment
so we don't upset our
supervisors at work.
The river of time, however,
doesn't really exist.
It's just an idea
we've put forth
to keep track of our
experience in what
is really the fourth dimension.
There are many who
believe that all time--
past, present, and future--
are all happening
concurrently, each moment
resonating at a
different frequency.
Just weeks before
his death in 1955,
the famed theoretical physicist
Albert Einstein wrote, quote,
"the distinction
between past, present,
and future is only a stubbornly
persistent illusion," unquote.
For thousands of
years, ancient cultures
discussed the illusionary
nature of this world
and that the universe as we
know it is not as it seems.
There are other dimensions
and planes of existence
that surround us, which we
don't usually experience
with our limited human senses.
Some of these were able to
measure with instrumentation,
such as different wavelengths
of light and sound.
Others were still discovering.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Good job, Mike.
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: It's going
to be a bestseller.
>>RICKSECKER: It's done
pretty well so far.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Good for you.
What makes you
write books on time?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
again, this was
a passion that goes all the
way back to when I was a child
and I had seen how the
different other subjects that I
was researching,
whether that was
the Alaska Triangle,
or shadow entities,
or some of these stargates that
we had talked about before,
that they had this time-related
component to it that could be
a type of real time
travel as we're
moving in and about
these other dimensions.
>>NOORY: We've got a picture
of the "Papyrus of Ani."
I want you to explain
to us what this is.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
the "Papyrus of Ani."
So this is-- when we look
at ancient cultures and try
to understand what
they thought of time,
in this particular
reference here--
this is one of the most
beautiful representations
of what we call the "Book
of the Dead" that exists.
And here throughout the
entire narrative, Ani,
who was a scribe
in ancient Egypt,
he's actually dead
throughout this entire thing.
This may have even been
written by his own hand.
We're not sure of that,
or it may have been
written by scribes afterwards.
He may have had it commissioned.
But throughout this
narrative, he's
going through his afterlife
journey with his wife, Tutu.
And he gets to this
particular point
where he's talking with one of
the creator gods known as Atem.
And what he asks Atem is, what
would be the span of my life?
Which is a really
interesting question
because, again, Ani is dead.
Why would he be asking
about the span of his life?
And Atem, then,
responds by saying
that it will be for millions
and millions and years
on top of millions
and millions of years.
So he gives us this
idea of layering,
like we were talking about
with stack time theory.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
We have another
picture I want you
to explain to us, an ancient
symbol of the ouroboros?
Is that--
>>RICKSECKER: The ouroboros,
yes, the ouroboros.
So this is really our
first alchemical symbol.
And this is one of the more
famous representations of it
by Theodoros Pelecanos
where we first actually see
this is on the burial shrine of
King Tut, which is fascinating.
And actually in the
"Papyrus of Ani,"
which we were just
talking about,
Atem starts talking about
the rebirth of the universe
and talks about himself, Atem,
taking the form of a serpent.
So it's that idea of
constant recycle and renewal,
which is what we see here.
This is the representation
of recycle and renewal
of a person, their life, of the
Earth, and also of the universe.
But we have the idea of
duality in here as well.
You have the two colors, so
duality, the hermetic principle
as above, so below.
And where I believe
this comes into play,
when we talk about recycling
and renewal of the universe,
when we see the snake
eating its own tail there,
you have really two different
sides coming together,
working in opposite directions.
And when they meet there,
it's the alpha and the omega,
the beginning and the
end happening at once,
which to me is the Big Bang.
So when we have that question
of what was before the universe,
it was the universe.
What's coming after the
universe, the universe.
And I believe the ancients
knew that and had that
embedded in their symbolism.
>>NOORY: There are
some who believe we're
living in a simulated universe.
What do you think of that?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe we are.
>>NOORY: You do.
>>RICKSECKER: I do.
I don't believe it's a computer.
We--
>>NOORY: It's not some kid
in a video game playing
around the universe?
>>RICKSECKER: I mean, that's a
fantastic representation of what
a simulation is.
And we can use that as an
analogy to talk about this.
But I don't really
believe it's a computer.
I believe it's a technology
we don't quite understand.
It's probably more organic or--
>>NOORY: Who created it?
>>RICKSECKER: I do believe in a
creator, or a creator or creator
beings that created this entire
simulation, this entire universe
that we are in right now.
And our ancient religions
talked about this,
although they didn't use
the word "simulation."
You look at the idea
of reincarnation,
where you're basically
coming from a homeworld,
for lack of a better term.
You come down here.
You learn some lessons.
And when you pass away,
basically you go back.
Even Christianity talks
about being in this world
right now to prepare
for the next world.
So they didn't use
the word "simulation."
But it's that same
idea and concept.
>>NOORY: What is
a time slip, Mike?
>>RICKSECKER: So
a time slip, when
we were talking before about
stack time theory, and two
of those moments resonating
at the same frequency,
I believe that each
of those moments--
again, when we
talk about energy,
frequency, resonance,
vibration, each of those moments
in that stack has a
specific frequency.
And sometimes two
of those frequencies
will match up with
each other, and we
will get a glimpse of
another moment in time,
and we will be able
to interact with it.
>>NOORY: And time slips, of
course, do they pop up at will?
>>RICKSECKER: They do seem
to be quite random sometimes.
I believe that there are
different components, perhaps
within the land,
perhaps within--
maybe it's elements
of a building that
could help aid in the
energetic principles
behind creating that time
slip to occur more often.
But if we were able to
understand that fully and be
able to harness
it, then I believe
that would help us
in real time travel.
>>NOORY: How important
is time-related incidents
to the scheme of things?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, I
believe that for one,
we're all trapped in what
we call this river of time,
in that example with--
>>NOORY: We're in it together.
>>RICKSECKER: We're
in it together.
In that example, in
the book trailer,
we talked about the
banks of the river
helping time to flow,
time being the water.
And you were to
remove those banks.
Well, the banks of the
river, in that analogy,
they are the control mechanism.
So again, when we talked
about a simulated universe
and there's some
sort of rule set
that is placed
upon our universe,
those banks of the river
keeping the time flowing.
That's part of that
rule set that's
embedded within the simulation.
>>NOORY: Are ghosts and
hauntings all part of the same?
>>RICKSECKER: Ghosts
and hauntings, I
believe some of them, not all,
but many of them are time slips.
And we're not
understanding exactly what
that is when it occurs.
I do believe some ghosts
to be human spirits.
We are multi-dimensional beings.
Our consciousness, which is
that on the fourth dimension
that we've been talking
about, is embedded
in a three-dimensional body.
But when that body passes away--
the three-dimensional body is no
more--
the consciousness on
the fourth dimension
is still there
and, of course, can
rise up into the
other dimensions
or beyond, perhaps
the source, if we
talk about heaven
or the homeworld
or those sorts of things.
All that said, some of these
ghosts and hauntings that we
experience are some of
these time slips as well.
>>NOORY: Like the horror
movie "The Conjuring"
was based on Andrea Perron's
childhood home and experiences.
However, in your
docuseries, the incredible--
"The Shadow Dimension," she
shares that it was actually
a time slip that was the most
remarkable thing that happened
at that special house.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- She came out of her room
and she said she was hungry.
And my mother was wasting away.
She was living on
coffee and cigarettes.
She was waif-like
in her appearance.
And it was late.
It was about probably
10:30 at night.
I had made beef stew for
my sisters that night
and had helped them get their
homework done and gotten them
off to bed.
And then I sat
quietly in the parlor
and fed the fire because it
was October and it was cold.
And I was just
doing my homework.
And she asked me
if I would kindly
warm her up a bowl of beef stew
and make a short pot of coffee
for her.
And I walked through.
And I had to walk all the way.
You know how big that house is.
I had to walk all the way
from the parlor to the kitchen
to the pantry to warm
up some stew for mom.
And of course, it
took a few minutes
because microwaves
hadn't been invented yet,
and we still used a
Farberware coffee pot.
So it took a few minutes.
And in my absence,
my mom leaned over
to throw a big log
on the fireplace.
And when she did, she heard
laughter and conversation
over her shoulder.
And she turned around
and she looked awestruck
into the dining room.
And there, sitting at a
table that was not our own,
was a family.
And there were a couple of
kids running around and being
very playful and mischievous.
And there was a woman who was
dressed in a full-length dress
or skirt and top.
And she was cooking stew over
a fireplace that was raging.
And that fireplace had been
closed and sealed tight
for close to 100 years
before we even got there.
And there were two men sitting
at the table and one of them
had a hat on and the other
was just sitting there.
They had pewter steins
in front of them,
which were outlawed
by the 1800s.
So it's indicative of the 1700s.
And they were just
chatting and having dinner.
And the mother told the kids to
take their places on the benches
on one side of the table.
And the two men were sitting
on the other side of the table.
And suddenly, one of them turned
and looked at the hearthstone
of the fireplace in the parlor.
And he made direct eye
contact with my mother.
And he smiled.
And then he nudged the man
beside him and pointed at her.
And she was the ghost to them.
And all of a sudden,
my mother realized--
after years of
suffering in that house
and not being able to make any
sense, to reconcile in any way
the inexplicable events which
occurred there, suddenly she
realized that she was in their
dimension at the same time
that they were in her
dimension and that they
could see each other.
And they were looking
into the future
while she was simultaneously
peering into the past.
And that is for me and for
her, the most remarkable thing
that ever happened at the farm.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Very descript, Mike.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, that's
actually from my "Shadow
Dimension" docuseries.
Andrea is a really
good friend of mine.
And I've been to that house.
And what's fascinating
that I found about
that building is
underneath that parlor
that she was talking
about there is
what they call the well
room in the basement.
And it's called that because
there is an open well with water
that is still there.
And the walls of that room
are made of limestone,
and they're capped
with granite blocks.
And this is a type
of construction--
although in a much,
much smaller scale--
a type of construction that
we see in ancient Egypt
in some of these
locations where they
were powering their temples, and
stargates, and things like this.
>>NOORY: How do you
tune into timeliness
and like a radio tunes
into a frequency?
How do you tune into that?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, so we've
been talking about energy,
frequency, resonance,
vibration this whole time.
And so I believe that to tune
into these other moments,
it is a matter of
tuning the consciousness
into these other moments.
Whether that was last week,
last year, hundreds years ago,
it's a matter of trying
to send that consciousness
and will that consciousness
into those other moments.
And sometimes it
doesn't come off
as completely
clear when we talk,
like some of these different
time slip incidents.
There was a fascinating
story that was
related to me a few years ago.
It regarded a young man
who was telling his story.
And when he was
a small child, he
had walked into
his kitchen one day
and saw a tall, dark, hooded
figure over by the kitchen
table, scared him to death.
And he ran out of the room.
So this became the hooded shadow
figure story of the household
for a number of years.
Well, he grows up.
He's a young man.
And he's in the kitchen one day
making a sandwich at the kitchen
table.
He's wearing a hoodie
and all of a sudden,
he sees this short,
small shadow being
come into the kitchen,
stop, and then dart
right back out of the room.
And it dawns on
him, wait a minute.
It was myself that I
saw the whole time.
>>NOORY: The doppelganger.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
It's what I call the
doppelganger effect.
But it really wasn't
a doppelganger.
It was just himself at two
different moments in time.
And it came off as a shadow
because it wasn't fully tuned
into it.
So we remember the old-school
radios where you had the dial.
These days you can click
through the stations.
Back then, you had to
get that band perfect.
If you're a little bit
before, a little bit after,
it'd come in fuzzy.
Exactly.
And I think the same
thing here where
his consciousness, his energy
trying to tune into himself
at two different moments in
time, it was a little bit off,
and it came off instead as a
shadow instead of fully formed.
>>NOORY: What exactly
is a doppelganger, Mike?
>>RICKSECKER: So a
doppelganger is--
it's a German word that
means "double walker."
And there's a lot of legends
and lore behind these things,
like evil twins
or spirits trying
to mimic somebody else,
these sorts of things.
But I think that was
people not understanding
what it was that they
were dealing with,
especially hundreds of
years ago when there
was a lot of religious fear.
If it wasn't of God, then it
must have been of the devil.
And so they put a lot of these
evil connotations behind it.
But I think they
just simply weren't
understanding some of these
time-related incidents.
>>NOORY: What is
the Mandela effect?
>>RICKSECKER: So
the Mandela effect--
and this is really, really
interesting phenomenon
these days where people
are remembering things
that happened in the past
that when you look them up
didn't exist or
are changed today.
I believe it has--
it's an effect of time
travel of people having
modified something in the past.
Now, a lot of these reports
are of commercial branding
and things like this, like the
spelling of Oscar Meyer or Fruit
Loops and things like that.
I don't think anybody's
going back into the past
to change branding.
That would be really trivial.
But if you do go back into the
past and even if it's just from
a goal of observation-- you
just want to go back and watch--
your presence there will have
an effect on the environment.
And those ripples
will spread out
and can have an effect
on our present today.
>>NOORY: Parallel
universes, do they exist?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe so.
So there's some fascinating
research coming out
of Antarctica in a
peer-reviewed published paper,
where they've been doing
neutrino research down there,
the ANITA project and
the IceCube project.
And now neutrinos are
supposed to come from space.
They're very small
particles and gives us
information about the universe.
In fact, they had
recently released
basically an illustration of our
solar system based on neutrinos.
While they were doing
this research down there,
they also discovered
neutrinos that
were coming up out of the
ground without source, which
was totally bizarre to them.
>>NOORY: Just popping up.
>>RICKSECKER: Just popping up.
And so the scientists
researched this as well.
And their conclusions--
and this was
in a peer-reviewed
published paper.
Their conclusions
were that this was
indicative of a parallel
universe running
in reverse time.
>>NOORY: What is reverse time?
>>RICKSECKER: So time
running backwards.
And when we were looking
at the ouroboros earlier,
I think that's what
we were seeing,
those two different
colored tracks.
The one is running
in one direction,
and one is running in the other.
So it's a little bit
bizarre to think of.
But if we are
having interactions
with other moments
in time, it could
be that some of
these time slips may
be of this other parallel
universe that we're witnessing.
And that could be why
it's an image of the past
that we're seeing.
Perhaps it's modern times
for that other universe.
But for us it seems
like the past.
>>NOORY: Are
stargates and portals
other points in reverse time?
>>RICKSECKER: So
stargates and portals,
these can give us
access to, sure,
other places in the
cosmos, maybe even
other places on Earth,
other dimensions.
But it could also give us
access to other moments in time.
So we could pass through one
of these stargates and portals
and find ourselves at
another moment in time.
And when we've talked before
about the Alaska Triangle,
and we've talked about some
of the missing airplanes that
may be passed through some
sort of portal somewhere,
they could have gone
back into the past
through one of these portals.
>>NOORY: Mike, do portals and
stargates lead time travelers
to other points in time?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
it very well could be.
Stargates and portals can do
a number of different things
for us.
They could take
us to other places
in the cosmos, other places
on Earth, other dimensions.
And yes, they could take
us to other points in time.
When we've talked before about
the Alaska Triangle, some
of these missing airplanes,
we have believed have actually
passed through portals to--
>>NOORY: Poof.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, just
poof, and never found again.
And one of the ideas
is they have passed
through one of these portals.
But we have to ask
ourselves, where did they go?
Did they go to
another dimension?
another point in time?
Well, if they went to
another point in time--
we'll throw an arbitrary number
out there, like 500 years ago--
what would that look like
to the Indigenous peoples
of the area 500 years ago?
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>RICKSECKER: They would have
no concept of an airplane.
To them, it would be a loud,
thunderous bird in the area--
in the air.
Is this where some of our
Thunderbird legends come from?
>>NOORY: You went and looked
at some spiral petroglyphs that
represent stargates and
are a symbol of sky people
traveling to Earth.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So back behind me-- these
are the important petroglyphs.
This is the petroglyph trail,
but number 11 here on the trail
is where we get the spirals and
the stories of the star people.
Now, according to
ancient legend,
these people from the stars
came down and gave knowledge
to the peoples here.
Again, the site is
astronomically aligned.
The spirals are supposed
to represent the portals
from which they traveled
from to get to here.
And we see stories like
this all over the world.
Here we are in the American
southwest, similar type
of story--
star people, spirals,
passing on knowledge.
It's very, very interesting that
we find the same exact thing
right here.
- What I'm sure about that so
many of the caves and so many
of the ancient drawings,
they made these spiral lines.
- You see the spirals
all over the world.
- Right?
- Yeah.
This is very interesting to
me here at the Nubian Museum.
So we see some of the artwork
here depicting spirals.
Now, you see these spirals
all over the world.
There's another one.
That's on an egg, could be the
cosmic egg with the spiral.
And you see these spirals
all over the world
at Newgrange, Sardinia.
I was out in Chaco Canyon
a year and a half ago,
and you saw the spirals
there and the petroglyphs
with the star people.
And so a lot of people believe
that these spirals represent
portals, and
gateways, and access
points into other parts
of the universe that
allow you to access other
dimensions that there's
an energy to these.
Are they recounting
a lost technology
that became forgotten over
time, but at least somebody
remembered here for at
least a brief moment.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: It's a
fascinating aspect.
>>RICKSECKER: It really is.
So the first part of that clip
was Chaco Canyon in New Mexico.
And the last part was there, the
Nubian museum in Aswan in Egypt.
Exact same symbolism, two
different parts of the world.
And I kind of laugh
when people say,
well, isn't this
representative of water?
Well, no.
The representation of
water in the ancient world
was actually wavy lines,
representing ripples and waves,
and that sort of thing.
And you actually have
the Indigenous peoples
of the area saying
these are portals.
So why wouldn't we
believe the people
that actually created
this symbolism, that these
are indicative of portals?
>>NOORY: Are ETs time travelers?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe
some of our accounts of ETs
are time travelers.
There's kind of
been, let's say, kind
of a wave of ideas
coming out lately
in this area where some people
are saying that what we're
seeing in the sky when
it comes to UFOs, UAPs,
these sorts of things, they're
just us from the future.
They're not actually
extraterrestrials.
Well, I believe we're kind
of getting ahead of ourselves
there.
I do believe some
of our UFOs, UAPs
are extraterrestrials
from another planet
in the cosmos that have figured
out some sort of technology
to be able to come
here with their craft.
I believe some are
interdimensional in nature.
And yes, I do believe some are
time travelers from the future.
They don't necessarily
have to be us.
They could be human.
But humans have only been around
on this planet for a very short
period of time.
The Earth is 4.5
billion years old.
And we have about
another 5 billion years
to go before it's
annihilated by the sun.
So it could very well be that
millions and millions of years
from now another
intelligent life form
evolves and develops
civilization and technology.
Some of that could be
time travel technology.
So yeah, we could be observing
something Indigenous to Earth,
but not necessarily us.
>>NOORY: Do interdimensional
beings or ETs
have the ability to remove
us from the river of time?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe when
we start talking about some
of these UFO abduction cases
and the time-loss incidents that
people have in these cases--
you look at the Barney and
Betty Hill case, Travis Walton.
But you can relate these even
to some of our ancient lore
about fairies, how people were
taken into the fairy realm
and experienced these
time-loss incidents.
So when you remove
somebody from, again,
the fourth dimension
that we are calling time
and you take them into
fifth, sixth, seventh,
some other dimension,
that could be a dimension
that is present there on the
mothership, if it's a UFO,
or if they just take us off
into some other world or realm
somewhere.
If it's in another
dimensional plane,
time is going to work
differently there outside
of the fourth dimension.
So five minutes
there, five days there
could be very, very
different and actually would
be very different than here
on our plane of existence.
>>NOORY: Are there
stories of time
traveling entities in the past?
>>RICKSECKER: You do have
some of these accounts
of time travelers in the past.
And they come in the
form of legends and lore.
They've kind of been
depicted as fairy tales,
these sorts of things.
But there are grains of
truth within these tales
that we have to look at and
give some credence to that
beyond the legendary
aspects of it,
that there is something real
that is inherently clear here
that there is a movement between
one dimension and another
that is being recorded in
these historical tales.
>>NOORY: Mike, dreams
of premonitions and ESP,
is that a type of time travel?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe
so, especially dreams.
When we are asleep, we enter
into different brainwave states.
And when we enter into
those different states,
our consciousness is on a
completely different level.
And many times our
consciousness will
drift off to other
points in time,
observe that, and
bring it back with us.
We wake up.
OK, that was an
interesting dream.
And then a day, a
week, a month later,
all of a sudden the entire
scene plays out in front of us.
And like, I just had
a dream about that.
Well yeah, it happened
in your dream state,
in that state of
consciousness that your mind
was in at the time.
But really, you had drifted
off to another point in time
and brought it back with you.
Same thing with
ESP, when you enter
into those different
states, when
you go into a meditative
state, your consciousness
reaches different
levels and can touch
those moments of the
future and bring it back.
>>NOORY: What about
the Akashic Records?
Are they related to time travel?
>>RICKSECKER: It's all related.
So the Akashic
Records, Jung's idea
of the collective unconscious.
I call it eternal knowledge.
Everything in this dimension,
the fourth dimension time,
if it is all here, past,
present and future,
it means all the knowledge
of the universe is here.
Everything that has happened
is happening will happen.
So when we tap into
whether it's the Akashic
Records or the
collective unconscious,
we are actually tapping into
knowledge that already exists,
even if it's something that's
not supposed to be discovered
for 50 or 100 years.
Like Nikola Tesla, he tapped
into all kinds of knowledge
that was 100 years
ahead of his time.
And I believe that's
what he was doing,
was he was accessing
those records
and downloading that
and bringing it here
because it already exists.
>>NOORY: Does the future
ever influence the present?
>>RICKSECKER: It does.
And there are some really
interesting stories here.
And I have a very personal
story that I'll share.
It's very cute, though.
So my fiance and I
have known each other
since we were in first grade.
And up to this incident, we
hadn't had much interaction.
But we were in the
school library one day.
And I'm just looking
through a stack of books.
And all of a sudden, she just
plants a kiss right on my cheek.
And I'm like, whoa!
What was that?
>>NOORY: Out of nowhere.
>>RICKSECKER: Out of nowhere.
It just happened.
I'm blushing and all that.
So it was a really cute moment.
But it's not like we
were boyfriend/girlfriend
from that moment on or whatever.
It was just a one-off
incident, very bizarre.
We're in fourth grade
together, seventh grade.
And eighth grade, I
moved away, and we
did not see each other again or
had no contact with each other
for 21 years.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>RICKSECKER: Social
media comes about.
We reconnect.
And I was married at the time.
She was with somebody.
So we just kind of
chatted, caught up,
hey, how are you doing?
>>NOORY: Friends.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, friends.
Exactly.
And I'd asked her
about the kiss.
And she said, I have
no idea why I did that.
Just something--
>>NOORY: Did she remember it?
>>RICKSECKER: She remembered it.
Yeah, she absolutely
remembered it.
And she said something
just told me to kiss you.
I'm like, OK.
So every once in a while we'd
get together, have dinner,
catch up, that sort of thing.
And then a couple of years
ago, she came on my tour
that I had in Ireland.
And we were both
single at the time.
We hit it off.
We got together.
So we decided to go
back to our old hometown
and check out our old haunts.
We go back to the
old school, which
has become a performing arts
center for the university there.
And we're walking the grounds,
peering through windows,
that sort of thing.
We get to the windows
of the library.
And we're looking in, and
we're pointing at the location
where the kiss had happened.
And they have a set up as a
little music room or something.
And she starts yelling
through the window, "kiss him!
Kiss him!"
And we're laughing about
it, having a good time.
And as we're driving
off, it kind of
hits us, like, wait a minute.
She had said something
had told her to kiss me.
So was it her 40-something
year old self telling her
six-year-old self
to, across the time--
>>NOORY: To do that.
>>RICKSECKER: --to do that?
So yeah, the idea that there is
that reverberation through time,
that vibration that connected
those two moments, that quantum
entanglement.
>>NOORY: And you remembered it?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: What about theoretical
physics and the possibility
of time travel?
Was Einstein right?
>>RICKSECKER: Einstein had
a lot of interesting ideas
about the way time worked.
And he had his concepts
of the block universe,
which is very, very similar to
what we've been talking about.
I expanded that out
to stack time theory.
It was kind of interesting.
When I first started
looking at those concepts,
I started doing some
research-- oh, Einstein
has his block universe idea.
So I'm not completely
original here.
But I expanded on it.
And so again, that
idea that all time
is concurrent, past,
present and future,
which is why he started talking
about time being an illusion.
Now, we have physicists today
that are telling us, well,
we could travel through time
if we went to a black hole,
basically did a
slingshot around it,
and came back because
space and time bends
around the black hole.
There's a couple
problems with that.
For one, we don't have a
black hole close to us.
The closest one is about
thousand light years away.
So we're not getting
to one any time soon.
And that, even if
you didn't cross over
into the event horizon,
even if you just got close,
the gravitational pull
would still rip you apart.
So it's just not feasible to use
a black hole as a time machine.
>>NOORY: In your book and
on your online audiences,
you explain how real time
travel might be possible.
Fascinating.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So when we talk about
actual time travel,
we're talking about really two
of those photos in the stack,
so to speak, resonating at
the same frequency where
they can access each other.
And a human being would be
able to do this, I truly
believe, with
their consciousness
that we can enter into a
state of being in which,
because everything is
energy, frequency, resonance,
vibration, where we
could get our frequency
to resonate at the same
frequency as these other moments
in time to be able
to access them.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Can other
people access them?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe so.
I think when we talk
about real time travel,
it's not going to be a
DeLorean or a flux capacitor,
like we see in the
movies, or a black hole
because they're just too far.
I think it's really going to
come down to the consciousness.
It's going to take meditation.
Set that intention going
into your meditation,
get yourself into
a meditative state,
and take yourself to
another moment in time.
Famous poet Goethe
accidentally did this.
He was lost in his thoughts
one day, walking down a road.
And he saw what ended
up being himself
on the other side of the road.
Didn't realize it until years
later when he was walking down
that road again in
the opposite direction
and he just happened
to be wearing
the same garb that he had in
that vision that he'd seen.
But he had been in this
slightly meditative state
when that happened as he
was lost in his thoughts.
But I believe if we are able
to concentrate that meditation,
we would be able
to take ourselves
to these other moments in time
through our consciousness.
>>NOORY: Mike, will technology
allow us to time-travel?
>>RICKSECKER: I think
where technology
will come into play on this is
not the entirety of the time
travel.
I believe-- again, it will
come down to the consciousness.
But the trick is, as
I was saying there,
tuning into those frequencies.
Now these frequencies fluctuate.
So I think where technology
would be able to help us,
it would be able to hold
on to the correct frequency
so that we can maintain it.
So it's not just a time slip
that we are experiencing,
but actual real time travel.
>>NOORY: What are
you working on next?
>>RICKSECKER: Right now,
I am working on my book
on stargates, which still
touches on time travel
because, again, stargates and
portals have that connection
to other moments in time.
>>NOORY: Would you ever
go through a portal
if you found one?
>>RICKSECKER: I would.
I would be so curious as to
what would be on the other side.
Now, what I would do,
though, is I would leave
a note behind because so many--
>>NOORY: What would
that note say?
>>RICKSECKER: I would let them
know that this is where I'm at.
I'm stepping into this portal.
>>NOORY: If I don't come back--
>>RICKSECKER: Try to find me.
If I don't return, yeah,
here's my last will.
But yeah, I would be curious
enough to venture through it.
>>NOORY: If you go
into one and you
believe they exist,
how can you come back?
>>RICKSECKER: That's
a great question.
So you would have
to try, of course,
to find the portal to go back.
Now, where your point of
travel occurs, I believe,
would at least be an
energetic enough spot
that you could
harness that energy
to be able to travel back.
Again, the trick
would be, how do
you tune into that
right frequency
to get back to the right moment?
And again, I think that's
where the intention prior
to the meditation comes in.
And I believe that the
ancients, when we look back
at ancient Egypt
and the stargates
there, that they knew how
to be able to do that,
that they could basically
plug in an address and go.
We've lost that
technology over the years.
But I believe we
could reacquire it.
>>NOORY: How do people
find you, Michael?
>>RICKSECKER: You can find me on
my website, mikericksecker.com.
>>NOORY: Spell out
your last name.
>>RICKSECKER:
R-I-C-K-S-E-C-K-E-R.
>>NOORY: There you have it.
Keep up the good
work, my friend.
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Time travel
fascinates me.
I'm not sure I'd go
through a portal, though.
I'll let Mike, do it.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]